Updated AzFunc to use NPMjs references, and added preview to Readme.md (#3578)
Azure/autorest: readme.md

While AutoRest itself runs on NodeJS, some generators use the .NET Core 2.0 runtime, which is the most limiting factor.
See [dotnet/core/release-notes/2.0/2.0-supported-os.md](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/release-notes/2.0/2.0-supported-os.md) for a list of supported platforms.

#### Preview features

##### Server-side code generation for Azure Functions

> For generating Azure Functions apps from Open API specs, please use the following generators -

Reviewer: Slight rewording suggestion:

```suggestion
You can now use the new Azure Functions generators to generate Function App skeleton projects from OpenAPI specs.  To try it out, use one of the following generators:
```
